
h3. DISCRETE TREE D3 RENDERER

* this will generate a webpage and point system default browser to it:
-render d3 -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/data/ebov_discrete.json -output /home/filip/Desktop/output


h3. DISCRETE TREE KML RENDERER


* use all default settings
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/ebov_discrete.json -output test.kml

h5.  Area 

* map point areas to a continuous attribute
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/ebov_discrete.json -pointAreaMapping height -output test.kml

* map point areas to a continuous attribute
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/ebov_discrete.json -pointAreaMapping height -output test.kml

* map point areas to a discrete attribute
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/ebov_discrete.json -pointAreaMapping location -output test.kml

h3. BAYES FACTORS D3 RENDERER


* this will generate a webpage and point system default browser to it:
-render d3 -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/data/test_bf.json -output /home/filip/Pulpit/output


h3. BAYES FACTORS KML RENDERER


* default settings
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/test_bf.json -output test.kml


h3. CONTINUOUS TREE D3 RENDERER


* this will generate a webpage in the output directory and point system default browser to it:
-render d3 -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/data/languages_worldmap.json -output /home/filip/Pulpit/output


h3. CONTINUOUS TREE KML RENDERER

* default settings
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/languages_worldmap.json -output test.kml

h4. AREAS

h5. Color

* override default areas color
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/languages_worldmap.json -areaColor 150 50 50 -output test.kml

* map areas color to a continuous attribute
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/languages_worldmap.json -areaColorMapping height -output test.kml

* map areas color to a continuous attribute, override default start-end colors
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/languages_worldmap.json -areaColorMapping height -areaStartColor 250 0 0 -areaEndColor 0 250 0  -output test.kml

* map areas colors to a discrete attribute, use supplied color schemes
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/languages_worldmap.json -areaColorMapping trait_80HPD_modality -output test.kml

* map areas colors to a discrete attribute, use supplied color sheet (RGB or RGBA values)
TODO: make example

h3. TIME SLICING PARSER


* Slices defined by MCC tree, world map
-parse -trees /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/WNV_small.trees -tree /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/WNV_relaxed_geo_gamma_MCC.tre -trait location -mrsd 2011/01/01 -geojson /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/world.geojson -output slicing_test.json

* Slices defined by slice heights, world map
-parse -trees /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/WNV_relaxed_geo_gamma.trees -sliceHeights /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/sliceHeights -trait location -mrsd 2011.1 -geojson /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/world.geojson -output slicing_test.json

* Override some of the default settings
-parse -trees /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/WNV_small.trees -tree /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/WNV/WNV_relaxed_geo_gamma_MCC.tre -trait location -mrsd 2011/01/01 -geojson /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/world.geojson -intervals 15 -burnin 5 -hpd 0.8 -output slicing_test.json



h3. TIME SLICING D3 RENDERER


* this will generate a webpage in the output directory and point system default browser to it. Previous output is overwritten:
-render d3 -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/data/slicing_test.json -output /home/filip/Pulpit/output


h3. TIME SLICING KML RENDERER

* default settings
-render kml -json /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/d3renderer/src/data/slicing_test.json -output test.kml


h3. MERGING OF JSON FILES

h4. merge time slices and continuous MCC tree
-merge -axisAttributes /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/merge/mcctree.json -points /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/merge/mcctree.json -lines /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/merge/mcctree.json -areas /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/merge/timeSlices.json -geojson /home/filip/Dropbox/JavaProjects/Spread2/data/continuous/merge/timeSlices.json -output /home/filip/merged.json

h4 Parse and merge multiple HPD levels (50, 75, 95) from continuous MCC tree
-parse -tree /home/filip/H3N2_mds.MCC.tre  -xCoordinate antigenic2 -yCoordinate antigenic1 -mrsd 2011.1 -hpd 50 -output antigenic_50hpd.json
-parse -tree /home/filip/H3N2_mds.MCC.tre  -xCoordinate antigenic2 -yCoordinate antigenic1 -mrsd 2011.1 -hpd 75 -output antigenic_75hpd.json
-parse -tree /home/filip/H3N2_mds.MCC.tre  -xCoordinate antigenic2 -yCoordinate antigenic1 -mrsd 2011.1 -hpd 75 -output antigenic_95hpd.json

-merge -axisAttributes /home/filip/antigenic_50hpd.json -points /home/filip/antigenic_50hpd.json -lines /home/filip/antigenic_50hpd.json -areas /home/filip/antigenic_50hpd.json,/home/filip/antigenic_75hpd.json,/home/filip/antigenic_95hpd.json  -output /home/filip/antigenic_merged.json


h1. LICENSE

  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
  published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
  of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
 
   This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
   "GNU Lesser General Public License": http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl.html for more details.

h1. TODO
* D3
  - simlify d3 rendered folder structure
* KML
  - defaults on top of selectors in kml
* Parsers
  - parsing BEAST2 and MrBayes output [separate parsers]
* Restrict visual summaries or rate statistics to a particular set of nodes, like a clade or a trunk/backbone

h1. BUGS


h1. TIPS & TRICKS

* If you're interested in getting raw (no visualisation) Bayes Factors you can use the coordinates editor filled with dummy locations filling 0's as their coordinate values.

